Braeden Lee Baerlocher
Multiplayer Games 
January 26, 2025 
	Offline Multiplayer Game: Overcooked 2
 1.) Overcooked 2 is a local co-op game where you and three friends work together as chefs ready to prepare and serve many different dishes in increasingly chaotic kitchens, 
while avoiding moving platforms, portals, and fire, all while trying to complete orders before the timer runs out.

 2.) The mechanics where the game got increasingly intense were definitely the best part of the game especially when trying to cooperate with your friends.

 3.) You have to serve the food in the correct manner if not then the customers become upset.

4.) You have to work as a team with the other chefs preparing food and making sure everyone has a different job to do communication is key to Overcooked without it then game over.


Online Multiplayer Game: Helldivers 2
1.)  Helldivers is a third person shooter where you play as Super Earth's elite soldiers defending the solar system from the surge of the Terminid swarm, Automaton force and the alien invaders the Illuminante. 
2.)  The combat of Helldivers is addicting, my friends and I have been playing non-stop ever since the game was released one year ago. Each helldiver can pick out from dozens of different armor weapons, and stratagems
the ultimate weapon of a helldiver. Some stratagems call down napalm strikes wiping out the terminid bugs, others a 500 kilogram bomb to destroy automaton bots, and even an orbital laser that will cut down even the most powerful enemies of the game.

3.)  There are many different objectives to the game, some specific to each enemy group. It's your job to complete the mission objective in the amount of time and escape the planet you have dived onto before you lose all of your respawns and are overwhelmed by the enemy forces. 

4.) Each player can choose their own arsonal but some stratagems, weapons, and armor are more effective against different enemies so cooperation is pivotal to succeed in the game. Some players may branch from the group to complete side objectives or collect materials to upgrade your ship,
either way you must communicate with the others even if they are random online players if you want to stand a chance on each of your dives. Work together and you will become a true Helldiver. 
